README.md, before:

# bcnew

## What does this project do?

`bcnew` is an advanced web platform developed with Laravel, aimed to be the future replacement for the Biblicomentarios.com site. This project seeks not only to enhance the religious learning and teaching experience but also to serve as an educational resource in modern web development. It incorporates a dynamic news section and a blog, both powered by advanced scrapping techniques and content generation through artificial intelligence, making it a real and innovative use case for these technologies.

## Why is this project useful?

`bcnew` offers a rich learning opportunity for developers and technology enthusiasts, especially those interested in:

- The conversion of WordPress projects to Laravel, providing a practical example of how to modernize web applications and improve their scalability and maintainability.
- Implementing dynamic sections such as blogs and news portals, demonstrating the integration of external content sources and content generation.
- Applying design patterns and best software development practices to create robust and efficient web applications.
- Using Livewire to build rich interfaces without leaving the Laravel development environment.
- Taking full advantage of the Laravel framework in the development of complex web applications.

## How do I get started?

1. **Clone the repository**: Start by cloning the project to have your own local copy.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/JPMarichal/bcnew
    ```

2. **Install dependencies**: Make sure to install all necessary dependencies.

    ```bash
    composer install
    npm install
    ```

3. **Configure your environment**: Prepare your `.env` file and adjust the necessary configurations.

    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

4. **Run migrations and seeds**: Create the tables in your database and, if necessary, use seeds for initial data.

    ```bash
    php artisan migrate --seed
    ```

5. **Run the project**: Start the Laravel development server.

    ```bash
    php artisan serve
    ```

For a detailed guide on setting up and running the project, refer to the attached documentation in the repository.

## What can I gain from the project?

By cloning and contributing to `bcnew`, you will not only be supporting a project with a valuable educational and religious purpose but you will also have the opportunity to:

- Learn and apply advanced web development techniques.
- Understand how to migrate a WordPress project to Laravel while maintaining and enhancing its functionality.
- Experiment with Livewire and other Laravel components to create dynamic and reactive web applications.
- Contribute to an open project, improving your skills and possibly your portfolio.

## Where can I get more help, if I need it?

For additional support, you can:

- Consult the [official Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and [Livewire documentation](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs/2.x/quickstart).
- Open an issue in the GitHub repository for specific questions or suggestions for improvements.
- Join our developer community on [community platform] to discuss the project and collaborate with other members.

`bcnew` is more than a project; it's a learning community for developers passionate about creating meaningful technology. We're excited to see you contribute!

Commit message:

Se agrega archivo CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# bcnew

## What does this project do?

`bcnew` is an advanced web platform developed with Laravel, aimed to be the future replacement for the Biblicomentarios.com site. This project seeks not only to enhance the religious learning and teaching experience but also to serve as an educational resource in modern web development. It incorporates a dynamic news section and a blog, both powered by advanced scrapping techniques and content generation through artificial intelligence, making it a real and innovative use case for these technologies.

## Why is this project useful?

`bcnew` offers a rich learning opportunity for developers and technology enthusiasts, especially those interested in:

- The conversion of WordPress projects to Laravel, providing a practical example of how to modernize web applications and improve their scalability and maintainability.
- Implementing dynamic sections such as blogs and news portals, demonstrating the integration of external content sources and content generation.
- Applying design patterns and best software development practices to create robust and efficient web applications.
- Using Livewire to build rich interfaces without leaving the Laravel development environment.
- Taking full advantage of the Laravel framework in the development of complex web applications.

## How do I get started?

1. **Clone the repository**: Start by cloning the project to have your own local copy.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/JPMarichal/bcnew
    ```

2. **Install dependencies**: Make sure to install all necessary dependencies.

    ```bash
    composer install
    npm install
    ```

3. **Configure your environment**: Prepare your `.env` file and adjust the necessary configurations.

    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

4. **Run migrations and seeds**: Create the tables in your database and, if necessary, use seeds for initial data.

    ```bash
    php artisan migrate --seed
    ```

5. **Run the project**: Start the Laravel development server.

    ```bash
    php artisan serve
    ```

For a detailed guide on setting up and running the project, refer to the attached documentation in the repository.

## What can I gain from the project?

By cloning and contributing to `bcnew`, you will not only be supporting a project with a valuable educational and religious purpose but you will also have the opportunity to:

- Learn and apply advanced web development techniques.
- Understand how to migrate a WordPress project to Laravel while maintaining and enhancing its functionality.
- Experiment with Livewire and other Laravel components to create dynamic and reactive web applications.
- Contribute to an open project, improving your skills and possibly your portfolio.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community. Whether you have a bug fix, a new feature you'd like to add, or any other improvements, please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/JPMarichal/bcnew/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines on how to contribute.

## Where can I get more help, if I need it?

For additional support, you can:

- Consult the [official Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and [Livewire documentation](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs/2.x/quickstart).
- Open an issue in the GitHub repository for specific questions or suggestions for improvements.
- Join our developer community on [community platform] to discuss the project and collaborate with other members.

`bcnew` is more than a project; it's a learning community for developers passionate about creating meaningful technology. We're excited to see you contribute!
